after the devastating test
I reconsidered to be profiled the four
EdgeRank
as I'm doing this side front right from
the middle to the point
I left only the very point as it was
from the factory you know keep strength
is essential to cut off the head from
the neck in the addressing so I left
this larger angle the other side you
know this shuttle five thousand easy
took better residence time to remove it
is essential to export the abrasives
white surface anyway I hope to dance
I hope you can see my hand Rory I do it
so
flat
I fix my wrist and flat
I'll show you the current shots after is
5000 stone Joseph no shopping just a
moment I need paper convex and flat
hydrogen tree for bushcraft and hunting
I confirm it is great just before team
fell asleep already service character
quite some fun we make it super super
shot it was much easier to make that
shoot
this H onwards is not so small as a to
Connie very deep rhombus near the edge
crack Fantasticks very well oh I felt
artists well I was famous ticking in my
garage you know it was from here to here
already this potion a scimitar comes and
I kept its potion as its original
beverage geometry and when the feather
sticking came here I felt odd motion to
this edge so I decided to do to this
fourth pattern
anyway if you have 400 chaucer a stone
and you are a hunter and a bushcraft as
well this geometry is best in my opinion
thrives on the bones no taking chips
feather sticks easy to ignite and
already downside is for splitting wood
it is fun to going left
yes right side takes strong a resistance
from the wood but it is negligible only
in making very thin sticks
it can appear to unite easily like
chopsticks or such very thing would
stick makings another downside it is not
negligible is I can't give this knife to
my daughter who is lefty you know right
hand specific grind of course lefty
people can left to hand a specific brand
by himself but a heritance is difficult
if you are someone tota is different
handed human being
okay I need it for my current jobs maybe
for more than 20 years to 0 20 years
modern so okay I don't care about she
helped us aha see you Father